feat: Polls (#2408)
Pycord-Development/pycord: docs/api/events.rst

    :param payload: The raw event payload data.
    :type payload: :class:`RawMessageUpdateEvent`

Polls
~~~~~~~~~
.. function:: on_poll_vote_add(poll, user, answer)

>     Called when a poll is voted on. If multiple answers were selected, this fires multiple times.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Called when a vote is cast on a poll. If multiple answers were selected, this fires multiple times.
```

    if the poll was not found in the internal poll cache, then this
    event will not be called. Consider using :func:`on_raw_poll_vote_add` instead.

    This requires :attr:`Intents.polls` to be enabled.

    :param poll: The poll that was voted on.
    :type poll: :class:`Poll`
    :param user: The user who added the vote.
    :type user: Union[:class:`Member`, :class:`User`]
    :param answer: The answer that was voted.
    :type answer: :class:`PollAnswer`

.. function:: on_raw_poll_vote_add(payload)

>     Called when a poll is voted on. Unlike :func:`on_poll_vote_add`, this is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Called when a vote is cast on a poll. Unlike :func:`on_poll_vote_add`, this is
```
